# Task-Automation
“Automating Task ” is a type of project which typically used for automating the boring work whether it is any type of work which seems to do repetitively task like filling some data entry,  converting from audio to text, backing up data into the zip file and so on. 

Even though I have choose only two task to automate, first is the email address extractor and another is the backing up data into the zip file. For this I have made prototype which has its frontend as well as backend. Email address extractor is type of automation which is used to extract email address from any random text files, website and anywhere. This is done when you try to copy the email address and by clicking on the button it display email address in a sequential manner. 

For second task, I create a button called backing up folder to a zip file. Here is the process explain as follow, first you need to choose a folder, enter a new backup folder name then click on backup button it will automatically convert to backup zip file and it will save on the application where the automation is made.

After giving a brief idea about the prototype, let us discuss about the tecnologies that I have used to make this project. First of all, I use python as programming language to write the backend part and use of Tkinter which is a part of python libraries for GUI programming as a frontend. Here,  I also used some extra libraries like for example, the implementation of email address extractor is the library known as pyperclip for this we need to import through the command in terminal known as “pip install <module-name>”. pip install pyperclip is the example to run and install pyperclip command. This module is used for copying and pasting the any type of text. For this we have handle the logic known in programming called regular expression. For another task, I used to shutil (stands for shell utilities) and os to create and apply some logic in python program.
